Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is Al
Kevin: My name is Kevin.
Al: And we're here today to talk about cottishcore games
Al: Whoo
Al: Although this might be the least cottagecore cottagecore game
Al: But also also still being cottagecore. You'll understand what?
Al: Oh, it's pretty. Yeah, it's pretty card. Pretty card score. Pretty card.
Al: It's still, I think it's the least cottagecore, while still actually being cottagecore, I would say.
Kevin: Yeah, you're right.
Al: Well, you don't know what I'm talking about yet.
Al: [laughs]
Kevin: Yeah, no, I don't.
Kevin: No, yeah, yeah, that's a thing.
Kevin: I always said I'm going to do a secret game for this episode and not tell me about it.
Al: So I originally said, I was, I originally said secret game because I hadn't decided what it was and there was a few games that was going to try and play and I was like, I don't want to commit to a game at this point.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And then when I actually started playing one of them and I was like, this is, this is a great game. I need to, I need to talk about this game.
Al: Then I was like, well, no, no, I just need to keep going for the bit, right? But Kevin doesn't know what game we're covering. But this episode, I am going to talk about little rocket lab.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: I'm pretty, yeah, it's, it's what it's, it's hopefully yeah, I don't think it's an early access. Yeah, it's out.
Kevin: - Whoa, are you playing, how is it, how is it 1.0 or is it's like beta?
Kevin: I actually remember that one looked interesting. Okay. Oh man. I'm jealous. Okay. I'm very curious. All right. Let's see. Oh, now I'm excited. Oh
Al: I knew it, I knew it.
Kevin: Yeah, darn it. I was about to make the joke. He's playing a game. I really wanted to play it and he actually did it
Al: Well, there you go. There you go. And maybe I'll convince you to play it after this. We'll see. So I have been playing that this week. I've put quite a quite a lot time into it. And yeah, we'll talk about that later. Before that, we have some game news. But first of all, Kevin, what have you been up to?
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Working a lot mostly. Yeah. Yeah, good. Not fun times. Anyways, but I'll joke society
Kevin: Well, actually, I mean that impacts me because then I don't have that much time for other stuff, right?
Kevin: So obviously I'm sneaking in a copy of where I can
Kevin: I built the sieve side market on my cloud island
Kevin: People on the site who have actually played you see it's great and I'm building case a little save-life event
Kevin: It's so ongoing. It's like another week or so
Kevin: I actually know it's it's actually a lot less from the time people are listening to this
Al: Oh yes, I've still not... I've still not booted up that.
Kevin: It's May 14th when it ends heads up for people
Al: Okay, in fact, is that not Wednesday?
Kevin: Anyways, I mean it's the same
Al: No, it's Thursday.
Al: So if you're listening to this episode on the least day,
Kevin: No
Al: you have two day.
Kevin: There you go
Kevin: It's a
Kevin: Anyways, so I don't know what it is like I'm
Kevin: it starts the same thing as the harp
Kevin: and you can build things, I think it's just the flavors a little more appealing to me. All the little items you can buy are little explore stuff, a little back pop and a sleeping bag and a camping lantern.
Kevin: I don't know, it feels like a little more app you can slide it into a few more places. The hot pit best stuff was cute, but it was like, okay, all this hurts together and that's kind of it. It's like a little like something like that or whatever.
Kevin: >> Yeah.
Kevin: Anyway, so this feels like you can throw it in a few more places. It's a little fun, just decoration-wise.
Kevin: And say, "Bligh is fun." I like say like.
Kevin: Anyway, so yeah, I've just been doing the Pocopia.
Kevin: Actually, I'm also building what I call the Ditto House on my palette. It sounds like my own proper house for Ditto and it's all purple colored.
Kevin: And I've learned so much about interior design and I guess architectural design too.
Kevin: I look at real houses.
Kevin: Now for inspiration, now it's bad, it's bad.
Kevin: And it would be a epicopia, it is what it is.
Kevin: But, so yeah, aside from that, I haven't gotten too much time in anything.
Kevin: But what I do want to talk about some other stuff though, I want to talk about the,
Kevin: I got a double dose this week of what I call anti-hyped, like stuff that came out
Kevin: and I'm excited for but also hurt me badly.
Al: Yes, do it. Let's, let's do this.
Kevin: Yeah, let's start with the one that I use. I know
Kevin: used so let's talk about Star Fox, Fantastic Mr. Star Fox.
Al: It's the thing
Kevin: Okay, so I don't know. I'm warming up a little more. Yeah, okay, I'll say this. I'm probably
Al: So your current your current version of this is that you're currently not tight about this you don't know. Okay, you're unsure, right? Okay
Kevin: going to get it. How have I not at least is going to get it? That is true. Yeah, okay. So, all right,
Al: That's that is a whole different a whole different debate though, right? Like whether you're going to get it is not the same as whether or not you're hyperbitter, right?
Kevin: I guess for context. I'm actually not the biggest
Kevin: star fox. I mean, I really enjoy it and I like it but like I'm not, you know, living in dying by it or whatever, but I played a couple of the games. I played a soul to play some of the 64 and so on. I didn't play adventures, but anyways, so but I liked the series a lot and it was exciting to say, oh, out of nowhere, like shadow dropping a direct star fox, which I do think was a great move.
Kevin: and so obviously we all knew it was coming.
Kevin: because the movie happened in Starbucks and so he's getting a push and I'm excited for that like I like the franchise I want to see it live.
Kevin: So seeing this announcement very excited and then the direct starts and it is I cannot believe it another remake.
Kevin: Of 64 which itself was to remake reboot whatever you I'm not getting the discussion with above the OG right so at this point we have.
Kevin: So horrifying games that are basically iterations of each other and.
Kevin: Three other games that aren't so it's it's just it's wild I don't think of any other franchise that has been like this words.
Kevin: Mostly just iterating on the same game over and over.
Kevin: So like yeah the whole concept is very deflating.
Kevin: But let's talk about some of the positives.
Kevin: Well, they'll start with the mixed one. Let's say that the visuals. I think the levels the environments are actually beautiful
Kevin: I think visually it does look great, but then you get the character design in the
Kevin: Uncanny Valley
Kevin: for real stick furry guys. I don't know. It's a
Kevin: Yeah, it's it's a big shock, right?
Kevin: I'm warming up a little on the semi realistic animal look
Kevin: But it's still kind of jarring.
Kevin: Especially with like looking at the movie the movie of design is so good, right?
Kevin: Um, and now we get this and and so it's
Al: Hmm. Yeah. Not, not just, not just the movie design, but also the, the weird little kind of
Al: anime thing they have, the little clip that is the great as well. And I thought that's what they
Kevin: Yeah
Al: were going to be doing when they showed that initial clip. And I was like, Oh, this is interesting.
Al: No, though.
Kevin: Nope, nope, it's that we get a very moist looking slippy tote.
Kevin: Um, I think Peppy, the hair, the peppy hair, the bunny, the old bunny.
Kevin: He saw his thick eyebrows and I think he looks great actually still even in this style.
Kevin: But the other ones like it's going to take some adjustment, but uh, oh my gosh, I, I'm just thinking,
Kevin: have you ever played Star Fox or the 60 or anything else?
Al: Um, no, I have no.
Kevin: Okay, well it's spoilers for the game that came out in the night and these are whatever 64.
Kevin: So the final boss, Andrew, so you're familiar with him at all.
Al: No, I'm not.
Kevin: Okay, uh, to describe him when you bite him, he's a, uh, he's, I think he's supposed to be like a
Kevin: primate of some kind, um, but he still has like a full head. You know, I'm starting the episode,
Kevin: they're not sure they're, um, but when you fight him, he's a literally a giant floating head
Kevin: with hands. Um, uh, and, and so I bet in this arch style, what is
Kevin: that going to look like that's, that's crazy. Um, and furthermore, you can actually unlock
Kevin: a second secret boss fight where he turns Justin to, right. I think it's secret. I can't remember.
Kevin: It's been a while since I've done it, but, um, uh, because you know, the 64 is all about the
Kevin: repetition and you're in lucky different routes. Anyways, you can do a separate boss fight where
Kevin: you just literally fight his brain and eyeballs. Um, and so thinking that in this, you know,
Kevin: realistic art style. Um,
Kevin: that's gonna be crazy looking. Um, but, uh, anyways, um, overall though, like, I'm very torn on, uh, on it because again of the remake, I can't believe we're not getting a new one. It kills me, but this looks like probably the best version or best remake of the game.
Kevin: So, you know, like they're adding the little challenges to it. They're adding. It looks like I don't know if it's gonna be a whole campaign or at least the level with the, the pro level.
Kevin: vlog with the foxes dad. They're doing stuff. So like, I can't entirely hate it. Um, it's, it's just so depressed thing they did a remake again, but there's, there's still.
Al: Yeah, so I guess the question is right. So it's either going to be just another remake and then it's fine, but then they don't do anything again for ages.
Al: But the other option is doing a remake to like remind people that the games exist, right? And they're like, oh, you might, you might like this and here's a game that you already know and then, you know, next year to whatever there's a brand new game, that's a possibility.
Kevin: - Yeah.
Al: And I guess in at that point that will you if they do then come out with another game, you'll look back on this game more positively than if they hadn't.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, you're right. And yeah, like, yeah, I mean, clearly, I think that's, that's what it is.
Kevin: They're testing the water. There's already whispers that they're going to work on Star Fox movie.
Kevin: So, you know, I think getting the limelight in this movie is start of a big push.
Kevin: But, you know, this will probably affect the direction it goes. And I do want Star Fox, so I will
Kevin: probably try to support it, even with the, you know, all the qualms I have about it.
Kevin: Um, but, uh, I, uh, man, this, you know, are you familiar with the cap contest?
Kevin: Well, it's, it's, it's basically back in the day like it, it was, it came out like,
Al: Uh, what's the capcom?
Kevin: Capcom basically would put out remasters or remakes. I think it's just really remasters of older
Kevin: fighting of, oh, especially fighting games of certain games. Um, and they would use that to gauge
Kevin: interest in the series to determine.
Kevin: But we'll see I am happy Star Fox is being talked about because wow the last one we got was along to action. We got one of the Wii U but that one was also remake and it was the Wii U so double whammy there.
Al: - Okay.
Kevin: Anyways yeah we'll see I will say this I applaud them for trying a different art style. I'm not the biggest fan of it but it is different and it has a style.
Kevin: I don't want to talk about it so you know so be it.
Al: Yeah, that's not always a good thing, but...
Kevin: Oh I do think the little the tober video filters for the game chat that nobody uses is really funny though. It's encouraged me to use it.
Kevin: Anyway so that's that's starting.
Kevin: I can't really talk about it in the future.
Kevin: Anyways in a similar vein zen lizon zero.
Kevin: They're coming out with season what they call season three meaning year three soon.
Kevin: That's that's a big update where they introduce a new it's one of the few games where like the update numbers actually mean something.
Kevin: Every time they have a point, whatever, it's a new character, a new story arc.
Kevin: It's crazy. It's actually sensible version naming.
Kevin: Anyways, 3.0 is a big update then.
Kevin: We get a whole new location, a whole new story arc starts.
Kevin: And they do a little season trailer for it.
Kevin: And it's so weird because the setting is cool.
Kevin: It's going to be in a sky island with the steam punk European looking city.
Kevin: They're called bros califer. And it's got lots of the bang boo bunny robot people.
Kevin: It looks a lot of fun. The setting is cool. The story set up interesting.
Kevin: What isn't interesting, and it's very weird.
Kevin: The characters, because obviously that's, you know, more than half of what they're showing off.
Kevin: The characters we're going to pull for.
Kevin: It's just, it's very lukewarm reception.
Kevin: The problem is, um, Mohoyo, you know, being across all these different games,
Kevin: games, Genshin, and Hongkai. They...
Kevin: have a tendency to default to some archetypes or very similar design philosophies in their characters throughout their different games.
Kevin: And at first Zenless was not like that at all. We had robots. We had animal people.
Kevin: Like, it was very different and kind of weird, but in a very cool way.
Kevin: But now they're kind of just going back to generic Chinese anime look, you know, the gacha character design for lack of a better word.
Kevin: And that's so disheartened.
Kevin: Because that was such a big appeal for so many people. Like these care, they first set of characters were so weird and different and everyone was excited for them. Even now, his character named Billy, he's a robot.
Kevin: He's just an android, who's looking spiky hair and guns. And he's super popular. They're releasing a special version of him. And everyone's so excited for him.
Kevin: Because it's just very cool and different. And now we're going away from that. But anyways, I'm still going to play it. So, you know, whatever.
Kevin: But there you go. There's my mixed feelings on things coming up that I'm excited about kind of sort of.
Kevin: All right. Now, what are you up to? Tell me.
Al: Well, obviously, I have been playing a little Rocket Lab.
Al: I will talk more about that later on.
Al: Also, I was playing Minami lane.
Al: I can't remember how it was meant to be pronounced.
Al: So this is the small town builder type thing.
Al: It's not like a city builder or anything.
Al: It's very much on the small scale.
Al: you've got like here, you're
Al: street to basically. Um, it's fine. So I think, um, I, I'm not a huge fan of it, but I, I think
Kevin: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: that's partly a me thing, right? Um, it's, it's very clearly a management style game and I should
Al: know, not going in. Right? Like, um, it's, uh, I think the thing about it is I feel,
Al: so basically how it works is you've got like your street and you like buy our shop or you buy
Al: a house to like add people to the street and then the people on the street, they'll go to your
Al: shops and they'll buy things and you have to like balance how much stuff you're going to put
Al: into like the ramen and how much you're going to charge. Therefore, how much profit you're going to
Al: make, um, and stuff like that. And it's, it feels like a
Al: a spreadsheet kind of game, but in our try having a really hard time trying to figure out how to
Al: explain why don't like other than just like it's a management game. I don't like management games,
Al: Which is not quite true, right?
Kevin: Let me ask you, let me try to maybe help guide there or figure some stuff out, where I look at the screenshots, it feels like garden galaxy, because actually I put this other management games like, you know, rollercoaster tycoon, let's build a zoo, like it's about expansion, right, you get big and you get all the different exhibits and you grow and grow, right, and it's resources and you're expanding.
Kevin: Is this about that, or is it like more like garden galaxy, which kind of is, when it's not really management, but it's, you know, just decorating a nice little piece of land.
Al: Yeah
Al: You are you are definitely you are definitely expanding it's not on the same sort of scale as other ones obviously
Al: It's like small expansion
Al: But you definitely are making a bigger street and and it's it's definitely kind of profit-focused
Kevin: Okay, okay, it is still profit-focused, okay.
Al: A day of it definitely is because the point is to make money to then expand your street
Al: I think the thing is that it it feels a little bit
Al: Right like when you go maybe that maybe this is why I'm not a huge fan of them just management games
Al: Just now obviously there's the standard where it's like I'm not a huge fan of that way of playing because it feels very nice and keyboard driven
Al: And even when there are controls controller support, it still can quite often feel not well optimized for that
Al: But I also just think that it feels very impersonal and it's like I am
Al: Like for example, you'll create your ramen place and then you'll see people go and they'll like one
Al: person will be like, Oh, I wish there was more chicken in this. I wish there were more eggs. I wish there were more noodles. Okay. Well, I'll increase that. And then it's like someone comes in and goes, Oh, I wish there was less chicken in this. And you're like, what are we, what are we doing here? Like, how am I balancing all these things, right? Because you're, your shops don't have a bunch of different options. You're literally saying this is the one option for the shop. And yet you can buy like two of the shops. But then you'll have one which has
Kevin: Ha ha ha!
Al: specific things. And then you have one that has different things. And the person will go into one of them and come out complaining that it wasn't the one that was next door, like I don't maybe beat the menu before you go in to eat the food. Like what, what are you, what are you doing? I, and yeah, in a way, yeah, in a way. So I didn't like that that put me off a bit. And then obviously just that like the general like it's.
Kevin: I'm not. It's not like some Tom adt you are nonsense.
Al: You know, it's management style game. It's, it's nice looking, right? Like that's obviously something that we've, we've been aware of looking at the game. It's nice looking. It feels like it's trying to be casual, cozy, if you will, slow life, whatever you want to call it. But, but also then it is also about making money. And it's about, um, going as, you know, as much as you can.
Kevin: Oh yeah, all our favorite buzz works.
Al: like, I don't think those two things work well together, the cozy and the, or we actually want to make a whole bunch of money to expand. Do you know what I mean? Those don't feel like the same thing.
Kevin: it's uh yeah yeah no like I get it because um yeah like let's build the zoo right
Kevin: that's not a I mean it's fun and it's cute or whatever it's not a cozy game per se
Kevin: because you're expanding and you know you're just like just growing and growing
Al: Yeah, they're not trying to be cozy whereas Minami Lane is very definitely trying to be cozy
Kevin: no is this is this gentrification core?
Al: There is that as well. I was thinking about that a little bit, right? Like there's something a little bit not
Al: fun
Al: right
Kevin: That's yeah
Al: Maybe or maybe we're overthinking that I don't know but it does feel a little bit like that to be to be fair
Kevin: I don't know what he here
Al: It's not like here's a run-down play sleigh
Al: It's like here's a place ad stuff, so it's not the same thing, but yeah, I definitely had that feeling a
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: It's such a
Kevin: Think the issue is honestly the art style
Kevin: Because how do they put like he art style itself is very cozy like it's very soft
Kevin: And like you see a little tanuki shop tanuki over like it looks like a ramen bar
Kevin: It feels like a small town Japanese place, but then you're expanding and expanding and
Kevin: Yeah, I can get that then you're right, and then you lose the the I mean magic games are pretty impersonal, right?
Kevin: There's no name characters or whatever, but like you get bigger you're zooming out more of the people are smaller
Kevin: I can get what you're saying
Kevin: Um, I'd be I might give it just to look myself. I didn't realize this is a
Kevin: Okay, it came out, so I don't know what else is out anymore, but um
Al: I think Manami Lane came out last year, but I think some people will love this and I do not.
Kevin: Oh
Kevin: But still I mean
Kevin: Well, yeah, that's those seem like fair criticism, but like you said, it's already an uphill battle, right?
Kevin: Because it's managing a game, and that's why that doesn't drive it you
Kevin: Yeah, very very
Kevin: interesting because it is still very like cozy like you said, it has the the flavor of cozy
Kevin: We're putting it
Kevin: Which doesn't all like sit there's some dissonance there with the get always just grow expand more and more
Kevin: Oh curious
Kevin: But it's not awful so that that's
Al: No, it's it's not but like also there's plenty of not awful games
Kevin: Yeah, that's true.
Kevin: That's true and there's also plenty of awful
Kevin: district.
Al: Yeah, and I almost I almost feel like
Al: Awful's easier to talk about
Kevin: Yeah, it is. It really is.
Al: There's there's I there's I love this game
Al: And I could talk about this for hours and we'll probably get into that later with low rocket League
Al: low rocket lab
Al: So hopefully that's a very different game.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: And then there's well version of rocket, rocket lead is like the hot wheels cars or something.
Kevin: - Oh, I'd like that, it's cute.
Kevin: - Yeah, when they get the faces,
Kevin: you know, like those preschool shows,
Kevin: like, where'd the kids get the blazer or whatever, yeah.
Al: Yeah.
Al: So yeah.
Kevin: Oh, but yeah, going back to what you're saying,
Kevin: awful games, 'cause, you know,
Kevin: we can talk about Star Sand Island, you know,
Kevin: You're going on on that, right?
Kevin: Or it's not even awful, but you know, like the bed parts awful is easy to talk about too.
Kevin: Um, good times.
Al: So yeah, it's, it's, I'm, but not for me.
Kevin: Yeah, okay.
Kevin: Well, that's that's something.
Al: It is, it is something so yeah.
Al: All right, that's what we've been up to.
Al: Whoo.
Al: Next, a week late, because I probably should have done this last week,
Al: but I forgot because it's so little actually last month is I know what you've released
Al: last month and there's two things that release last month.
Al: That it's Thomas actually life living the dream and cozy sanctuary.
Al: That's it, it's a busy, busy month.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Wait, what's cozy sanctuary?
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: I don't remember that I went.
Kevin: Let's see here.
Al: Uh, llamas, I think.
Kevin: Oh, okay.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: Cozy sanctuary was the, or it was a rusty like.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: So you got your animals living at the bottom of your screen.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: It looks, it looks fun, but as discussed before,
Al: I struggled to run the rusty legs because, you know,
Al: work machine and all that.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I'm it yeah, I'm gonna talk well - I'm not multitasking some of my anyways, but that's right good for them. They came out
Al: All right. Let's talk about some news. So first stop in the positive mobile game world,
Al: we have Fanta-cell life I. Well, yeah, yeah. Fanta-cell life I have announced that they are coming
Kevin: That exists.
Al: to mobile. It is the exact same game that's currently available for PC and consoles. It is available
Al: for a single payment. They've not announced the price I don't think, but presumably we'll just
Kevin: Oh, my goodness, the Wow.
Al: the same cost as the normal game. There's no mobile fun around like, you know,
Kevin: They're releasing on a by to play platform.
Al: micro micro purchases and all that stuff. I know crazy.
Kevin: The rare by to play games.
Al: So yeah, and it comes with cross-save. So if you've already been playing it and you want to play it on
Al: something else, then
Kevin: Okay. So, okay. I haven't played fantasy life. I need to. I heard good things. I enjoy fantasy life a lot, but I'll joking aside. This is actually awesome.
Kevin: I mean, the fact that, you know, the one time purchase, I mean, I wouldn't expect it otherwise, but, you know, you can always do worse, I guess, but you never know. Yep.
Al: You never know, you never know.
Kevin: Uh, it surprises your, there's no end to the, to the depths of, uh, uh, corporations baking things bad. So, you know, you're right.
Kevin: But, um, so that's great, but the cross save. Wow. That's actually really cool. I didn't expect that. Um, yeah. Awesome. Good for you, uh, level five doing a good thing. I like that.
Kevin: We like when corporations do good things. Oh, I don't know. I don't know that they've been a little, uh, up in the air in the last couple of years, but they've been.
Al: Are they becoming one of the better game devs?
Al: Oh, they had AI stuff last year, didn't they?
Kevin: Yeah, that's a big thing, right? But they are historic.
Kevin: Luckily, they've been pretty solid, their releases were good, they did you okay watch
Kevin: Layton, but they're doing this and Layton and I heard not everything is AI, I don't know,
Kevin: but low fives, I still have fondness for their property, so biased. But hey, but this is good,
Kevin: this is an absolute win, cute though, yep, hold banner jpeg, see this is an absolute win, okay.
Kevin: Good for you, fancy life.
Al: Next up, Bubblegum Galaxy have released a study mode update, now I'm fascinated by this.
Kevin: What? That's weird.
Al: So, in study mode, Hakko will join you while she's working on a planet to keep your company.
Al: While in this mode, you can use the built-in music player to listen to a game's high-quality
Al: soundtrack and set a Pomodoro style timer to set focus while you work.
Kevin: OK, that's so weird because I get what they're going for.
Al: Weird? Yep.
Kevin: It's the co-working streams, right?
Kevin: Like our friend, aslan does those.
Al: Yeah. But yeah.
Kevin: And that's fine, yeah.
Kevin: But doing it with, you know, computer care,
Kevin: like if you didn't care, because that's weird.
Al: Yeah, well, I mean, it's not even I don't think that's the weird bit. Why I think is the weird bit is like this is in the game
Al: Right like it's not we like here's our soundtrack in a little a tiny little app that like shows our video game character
Al: Working and there's a pomodor. It's not like a a study aid set for app. It's
Kevin: Yeah
Al: launched the game then go into a
Al: version of the game that isn't the game and is actually this completely different
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, you're right, you're right. That's that's not the weird part because people have those right YouTube videos or streams or whatever of just like a background thing. You're right. That's not there's nothing weird about that. But yeah, putting it inside your game and accessing to the end. That is odd. Like they should have just released a separate little thing. I don't know. It's weird.
Al: thing. Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: Um, okay. Yeah, subgenre of rusty likes.
Al: very weird
Al: Yeah, I mean in a weird is it's it's it's a rusty like without any progress, right?
Kevin: It is. It is. Yeah. Yeah, that is H, H, H, DIE. Let's go.
Al: Next up, what's a caravan have released their 1.3 update called an excess of accessories
Al: Kevin, can you guess what's in this update?
Kevin: But it would there perhaps be accessories. What?
Al: There are accessories
Al: Also missing packages that you can find around the place and they will include accessories
Al: Plus the more goodies are coming to their daily rewards including accessories
Kevin: Oh, that's good, yeah, it is. Yeah, it is, it's kind of weird when they don't let you do that,
Al: Also, you can change your in-game name. No
Al: Interestingly the not a thing that most games actually do and I think in general
Al: This is a good thing for many reasons
Kevin: but yeah, no, it is a little bit for them. The accessories, you know what? They're like, yeah, they're
Kevin: for your third, your little animal characters.
Kevin: Yeah, no, that's fun. That's a fun way of framing this excess of excess of excesses.
Kevin: That's good. Good for you, cozy caravan.
Al: Next up out and about have released their invasives and sustainable harvesting update
Al: So they now have invasive species in the game of plants
Kevin: Oh, that's...
Al: They say as you know invasives species are in danger in biodiversity
Al: So of course we should include the concept and teach about it as this game has played in all regions of the world
Al: We couldn't use real plants for this one since one invasives might be another's natives
Al: But visually we make it look like Japanese not weed since that's invasive in the US
Al: and Europe. So that's cool. Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, that's, that's very cool, what about, I mean, and that's, that's a big thing, right? Like, well, I don't know if you have any notorious invases up there in Scotland, but.
Al: Yeah, Japanese noise, that's the big one because it's like, as soon as you see that, like,
Al: there's, oh boy, you're going to have fun with trying to get it out of the ground. It sticks around a lot.
Kevin: Yeah ours ours is also Asian
Kevin: Hudzu is the one down here in the south
Kevin: We literally like the south is covered by kudzu right now
Kevin: So yeah, that's a real problem very cool for them to you know
Kevin: Make it a mechanic or talk about it. Yeah, that's that's a fun one actually
Kevin: Wait, what about the sustainable part because they say invasive is unsustainable, right?
Kevin: What's what's this so that I don't see here they change
Al: Ah, oh yes, so they've said that there's going to be penalties for over harvesting things before this patch plants and patches respond after eat after each time slot, meaning you add an endless supply of plants without egg consequences for over harvesting now we have introduced plants last patch saving and a respawn cycle when you harvest a plant and move to the next time slot the plant will become unavailable for unavailable again until the next market instead of going to the same old patches you now get encouraged to try new ones.
Kevin: Oh
Al: Over harvest a plant take more than 60% of it, you know, get a penalty the penalty consists of 10 to 25 curiosity points per plant part that you over harvest both of these new features are meant to measure sustainable harvesting behaviors this way we gently remind you the nature is not an all you can eat buffet we should always be mindful when harvesting.
Kevin: You know what that this is awesome actually I
Kevin: I would like to see this in other games like encourage you to rotate crops and stuff like that
Kevin: That's awesome good for you out
Kevin: I mean, I know that's the whole thing. I'm being eco-conscious, but like I think that's just fun. Yeah, I think that just mechanically that's really fun - oh
Al: Yeah, but they're going all in on it.
Kevin: Cool, these are both radical. I want to see these in other games. Come on in a certain day
Kevin: [laughter]
Al: I'm I'm I'm mixed on that and whether I would want it in other games
Al: I think it worked was really well in this game because of what it is
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I know. Yeah. I mean, yes. Yes. Make a miserable. Yes.
Al: There is a disadvantage to being in games in it. It does actually make it less fun, right? Because you're having to change what you're doing
Al: It was like good stop having fun in your games
Kevin: Yes. You look, I'm, I'm well known for, well, not well known, but infamously, I, I
Kevin: enjoy Monster Hunter.
Kevin: That's what I'm about, I like the misery, I like a little pain in my games do it.
Kevin: Anyway, it's still really cool overall, yeah, good on you, I don't know about, I like this.
Al: Next up we have an update that I'm still not quite sure I understand it because so I just like
Kevin: Oh yeah.
Al: copied and pasted a bunch of text here. But this is heartopia. Have they released their modular
Al: streets festival pack. Grab your friends and dive into the fun of Brick Bazaar. On May the 9th,
Kevin: That's very strange. I don't think that's how festivals work.
Al: the new modular streets festival is coming. After reaching DG
Al: 30 members level 7 and completing the main story beginner guide quests. You'll unlock
Al: the festival and can claim a free thank you gift in the festival catalog, including
Al: brick station furniture set, building materials and other generous rewards. So this, this
Al: bit, I understand it's I mean, it's Lego based art style stuff. And I guess explore the
Al: festival limited collectibles and raise your collection points to get free time-limited
Al: exhibition past in the catalog. So I'm guessing some of it's also like a lot behind a progression of some kind. Like as the whole thing is locked behind a certain point in this story. Fine. But also I was confused. So when it says purchase any festival pack, I'm guessing that means in game purchase, not like a real life purchase.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: I, yeah. Oh, are you sure it's free to play game? So maybe I don't know. Oh
Al: Oh, maybe. I don't, yeah, I don't know. Just, it doesn't talk about cost or anything like that. And I don't, I don't know how you would do that. Like, there's no DLC listed on the game. Steam doesn't do in at purchases. It just has DLC, right?
Kevin: Yeah, oh, I think yeah, I think so. You're right. Yeah, I don't know chance based in game purchases within game purchases. It says on Steam page has in game purchases
Al: So how would that work for the Steam version?
Al: Yeah, I just don't know how that works with the steam barrel.
Kevin: Okay, this strange the Lego furniture is cute
Kevin: Yeah, I don't know actually I say looks cute, but those Lego chairs look painful and horrible to sit on
Al: All right, there you go.
Kevin: So it's modular.
Al: I mean, it's it's cool adding some like, you know Lego type art style stuff
Al: But it just the whole this whole game has always confused me and this is not this is not changing that
Kevin: - Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I'm still confused by this game
Kevin: You know what confuses me out?
Al: Many many things
Kevin: - Well, actually you're right about that,
Kevin: but the next, the next news bit confuses me out.
Kevin: What's wrong with you people?
Al: Kevin, I'm so sorry to tell you that the Sakana mobile game has been cancelled.
Kevin: - No.
Kevin: - No, I didn't get a chance.
Al: It's gone. It was the English version never came and the Japanese version is gone.
Al: Unfortunately, player feedback has been mixed, leaning more on the negative rather than positive.
Al: Despite ongoing adjustments since the service launched on February 5th of this year,
Al: exclusive to Japan, the group decided it was not possible to meet player expectations,
Al: So it was easier to cancel the whole
Kevin: Oh, no. Okay, first of all, this game came up every fifth of this year,
Al: Yeah, three months.
Kevin: favorite that correctly. That's bad. That's really bad. No, no, you're right. Yeah, yeah, you're right.
Al: It's bad, but it's not the worst.
Al: There have been games that have been announced to be closing before they even start, right?
Al: So it's but no, not the worst by miles.
Kevin: No, you're right, but it's bad for me because it's soccer. No, I need soccer to do well. No.
Al: Yeah, but it was a bad game, so people didn't like it.
Kevin: No, no. Oh, we still got another one coming. Don't we? Yeah, we got the actual game,
Kevin: a sequel or another one. Yeah, we got to come like it just. Yeah, I am genuinely disappointed that I
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: This is just the mobile game that's cancelled.
Kevin: didn't get a chance for an English translation. Um, it has hybridization and real-time crop.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, yeah, that sounds like a tough build as well. I like soccer. Okay. I just just want to
Al: No, any more, it doesn't.
Kevin: I can have to live.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: I'll live.
Kevin: There's more coming.
Al: And our final news update is they've announced the wholesome direct for this year, it is happening on the 6th of June at 4 p.m. UTC, which is 6 p.m. Central European time, 12 p.m. Eastern time, 9 a.m. Pacific time. So, if you're in another time zone, I'm sure you can figure it out.
Kevin: Yeah, it's coming. Are you, you know, I'm amazed that this continues to be a thing.
Al: What the wholesome direct or summer game fest?
Kevin: Uh, yeah, the whole, well, the wholesome direct summer game fest. I, I get it, like,
Kevin: in general, but just wholesome direct specifically, because it's not, you know, a specific
Kevin: company. It's like, is there any others? Really? I guess fighting games have Evo, but that's an
Al: Mm-hmm, there's quite, there's a few, there's a few like that. There's a few like that. Yeah
Kevin: a tight to an event. Um,
Al: Yeah, no, there's more things like for example, um, they, they just, uh,
Al: what they got second wind just did one. They're, they're just an online, uh, like videos company. They do like games based
Al: media and they hosted a two and a half hour showcase of a bunch of games.
Al: And then there's other ones. I mean, most of them are like publishers, but I think, I think there are other ones
Kevin: - Wow, okay.
Al: that I've seen the aren't specifically publishers or developers. They're kind of just trying to. I guess it's one of these things where they're trying to
Al: take the insane number of games at least and give a more curated list of them to people.
Kevin: Sure, you're right. Yeah, wait, but I like that. That makes sense
Al: Like realistically, what's the difference between this?
Al: And Nintendo's indies, nindies showcase.
Al: That's not their games.
Kevin: Yeah, you're right. That's a good point. That's a good point. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, it's still going to be on their system, right? Like there's still a financial incentive.
Al: They're not even publishing all of them, you know?
Al: Sure, sure, sure, sure.
Kevin: I guess that's a part that blows me away, right? Like, you know, if it's tied to a certain corporation or an event, like there's you see the logic, but like there's no wholesome work bridge.
Al: So here's a question. What's the difference between that and this podcast?
Kevin: Well, we do it because we're insane, and that's...
Al: Exactly.
Kevin: There you go, that's the thing!
Al: They didn't say, but they only need to do it twice a year.
Kevin: That's insane, people.
Kevin: Yeah, okay, okay, I'm...
Kevin: Tishay.
Kevin: They should just hand us the keys to the holes in drag.
Kevin: I can make a good one.
Al: Dear, no, I prefer to be in the situation where we get to market instead.
Kevin: These are not exclusive out.
Al: The streamer of cozy games, and here I'm going to tell you.
Kevin: See, they should let me on.
Kevin: It's just like, oh, I don't know about this one, guys.
Kevin: It looks a little rough.
Al: that's our job. All right, that's the news. All right, we're going to talk about well,
Kevin: Well, yeah.
Al: I'm going to talk about a little rocket lab and then presumably Kevin will ask me some questions
Al: about it. And I'm definitely not playing right now. So a quick intro to before I get into
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: details. So it is for people who haven't seen it before. It is...
Al: a cottage-core-ish game where you're creating conveyor belts of automation for crafting items
Al: with the aim of building a rocket.
Kevin: So it, would you say it's a factorial like,
Kevin: would you say this fact, actually like,
Al: So yes and no. So before, you know, with that description, you might think it's a management style
Kevin: I don't know if we have a name for that yet.
Al: So Gabe.
Al: But here's the thing about it. This does the same thing that what is the one that's coming out super zoos story does where it is based on the sort of idea of a management game, but you are an individual in the world going around and doing those things.
Al: Right. So you're playing the game as if you are a person trying to set this up rather than management style games where you're like, here's a list of menus and here's the place and you clicky clicky clicky clicky clicky.
Al: And you are controlling this person who's running around the map doing the things.
Kevin: Okay, okay, sure, okay. So yeah, I get it the fundamental
Al: And that.
Al: And that to me makes a massive difference in how much I enjoy this game, I think not least because it means the controls work so much nicer on a on a controller right because it's not.
Al: A lot of clicking and dragging if you were using on the PC but I mean they've done the controls quite nicely on.
Al: It does take a little bit time getting used to some of them because obviously it was originally designed for most keyboard, but honestly like it is, I think the best controller support I've ever played in a game where you are like putting items on a grid.
Al: It's incredibly well for that because so many games are just like, they just basically your analog sticks are controlling a mouse and that's not that's not good that's terrible.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's sweet.
Al: What does this is very much it has support for everything it does everything like your map you can remap all the controls and everything and it works really nicely.
Al: And I think part of it is because you are this person running around the world so you're not always just like looking through menus and click and drag.
Al: you are running around interacting with things in the way that you would in a standard cottage cookie.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I get you. Yeah. That makes. Yeah. You know what? You're right. Like it's not just flavor. Like my mind just jumps to flavor, but you're right. Mechanically, that makes a lot more sense. Um, and I also like as much as I like management games. I, I'm also prefer controller. So that's good. Yeah. No, I got
Al: Yeah, this has actually made me really more excited for Super Soo Story because I think if it can do the same sort of things that this one has for
Al: For zoom management style games. I think it's gonna be great
Kevin: Better be it's on my one my leave. That's on my draft
Al: All right, so to get into a few more or
Kevin: Better come out this year
Al: specifics about the game some mechanics wise
Al: First off, you start up the game and you're like.
Al: Running around with a hammer basically and everything to start with your gathering using the hammer your hammer hammer hammer you can hammer rocks hammer trees hammer coal hammering all these things and getting items just one too I love it is great you know got like acts for the tree and hammer for it's a love it just hammer everything when I first started typing up these notes I wrote or is.
Kevin: Yeah, that's one does it is
Kevin: No, hammers can break a lot of things, you know, so it's great
Al: Our infinite question mark, they're not.
Al: But like one block of a word gives you hundreds and hundreds of them, which in the early game feels infinite because you're just hitting it with a hammer, right?
Al: But once you've got your automation built up, you do run out of them and you have to switch things around, which I'll get to in a minute.
Al: But yeah, it's interesting because it's not just like one block gives you one thing, which is nice. There are blocks that give you one thing, but they're like visually different and they're kind of littering the place and once you get rid of them.
Al: They're bleeding up and getting better, more space for doing things.
Al: But then you have like the blocks, the big stones that you set up drills on and they'll give you hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of them, literally hundreds, right?
Al: Where at the point, the automation to this degree goes up to quite ridiculous speeds. I got yesterday, I got an achievement for making 5,000 items in one single in game day.
Al: So, you know.
Al: You do a lot, hundreds, hundreds and hundreds.
Kevin: Whoa, yeah, that's red.
Al: The crafting works in two different ways. You can manually craft. I said in these notes, pretty much everything. That's not true.
Al: There are things that later on that you have to use the automated crafting for early game.
Al: You can craft things manually, or you can craft them in the automated way, which is actually really useful because it's things like, you know,
Al: if I want to make, if I want to make a drill, right, I don't want to set up the automation to like automatically make myself a drill because that's going to take so much more time for what I actually want, especially early game than just having the resources and crafting it manually, right?
Al: Sure, there may come a point where you're wanting to craft hundreds of a specific item, probably not the drill, but like there's other items that I definitely want to...
Al: To create hundreds of this thing. But, certainly early game, the idea of just going, right, okay, I'll gather some iron or gather some copper. I'll process them into the copper wire and the iron plates and they're all manually make myself a drill is really nice.
Al: And the more complicated late game things you have to use the automation for, but that's fine because most of those things you're doing hundreds of them anyway, so you wouldn't want to do them manually because that's incredible.
Kevin: door sure okay that's that okay that sounds like nice pacing or you yeah yeah all the stuff you
Al: It definitely does feel it is nice pacing because you start off really kind of
Al: Cam and casual and you're like figuring out how the systems work and there's not a huge amount you need to do
Al: So you can do most of it manually and then you unlock some of the automation
Al: You're like oh yeah, this is going to make things a lot easier
Al: But then of course things just get more more complicated as you go
Al: So it's like you're building up these systems and then
Al: You have you reorganize everything so many times, right because you have no idea how many different kinds of items
Al: There are and how many different things you have to craft
Al: What I will say is that I really like this has it does a really good job of not having too many like
Al: Automated different things, right? So for example like if you think about with stargy
Al: you've got your furnace for yours, you've got your
Al: your cheese machine, you've got like every single thing that you can do, if you're not manually crafting it, it's a different
Kevin: Darshan? Did it really bad?
Al: Yeah, yeah exactly like every single thing is a different a different item to do different things. There are different items, but there's not
Al: tons of them in the all make sense. And then really nice thing is is most things you just use an assembler.
Al: So you've got an assembler. We've actually got two assemblers. I'm sure there'll be a third one.
Al: But currently, I've just got two assembler level one and assembler level two.
Al: And basically it's like if you can craft it from one item, then it works in the assembler level one.
Al: If you can craft it from two items, then you use the assembler level two.
Al: And then because of that, there are so many different things that you can make from just that one building.
Al: There are other ones, as I say, you have the furnace for ores.
Al: You have, well, since they're, I think this like chemical relationship.
Al: But most of them make sense for what they do, right? Like you wouldn't use an assembler for recycling something. You'd need a dissembler, the opposite, right?
Al: So it makes sense to have those as two different buildings. Each of the buildings that they have make sense to me as, oh, I see why these aren't exactly the same thing.
Al: But like if I'm making, if I'm making lamp posts, or I'm making drills, or I'm making...
Al: Computer chips, or I'm making copper wire or steel beams, they all go through assemblers.
Al: Every single one of those goes through assemblers. You have to put it through the furnace, your ore goes through the furnace.
Al: But then after that, like everything's just going through an assembler until you've assembled it all into the final product.
Al: It might have to go through six different assemblers because you need to combine it with that and then combine it with that to make this final thing.
Al: But it makes sense because you're building something, right? Like you're taking a core thing, the furnace makes sense because it's like you're turning it into a different thing, and then the assembler is I'm now going to add things to it and I'm going to change what it is all the way up to its final item.
Kevin: Okay. Yeah, no, that, that, that seems, you know, very, uh, well thought out.
Kevin: What a, uh, here's your right. That, that's a big problem. Uh, you know,
Kevin: Star San, it was probably the worst example, but a lot of the, a lot of these crafting games,
Al: it was pretty bad. Yeah. Yeah. And that's the thing that that's what made Minecraft great was the fact
Kevin: like even Minecraft over the years, they've added a lot of workstations and stuff like that on
Kevin: some of it late game, but um, but yeah, it can be dizzy.
Al: that it was like, here's the crafting table. You you make everything on the crafting table and
Al: then it got more complicated. Yeah. And I'm not necessarily saying that's automatically a bad thing,
Al: but I prefer the simplicity of like everything is being made in this one thing. It's like,
Al: Here's a thing that makes me...
Al: and all you're doing is you're giving out a blueprint to see this is how you make the thing.
Al: It's like the magic robot thing, right?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. No, I mean, that's like even po-copia. Yes, I'll bring up a copy right like we just have the one work
Kevin: Asian and and that's it, right? You don't need a
Kevin: Far and well, yeah, you do a difference for the ores, but like that's what two or three stations like it's
Al: Well, well, that's the thing. That's that's it though. I'm not saying everything should be just one thing
Al: I'm saying you has to be a good reason to give me a different
Kevin: Yeah
Al: Building, right? And I think none of these have been like oh, I don't get why this thing exists, right?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: I understand why we have a drill the drill is forgetting or I understand why we have the furnace, right?
Al: Because you're heating things up. I understand why we have this emblem because you're putting things together
Al: um
Al: And then there's a bunch of other things like
Al: So yeah, so one of the things I've said is that
Al: every time I think, oh, I wish I had this way of doing something, you know, a couple of
Al: end-game days later, I've unlocked that blueprint for something.
Al: So for example, it's like, oh, I hate how the fact that the end of this process is I've got
Al: this item, but then I have to like manually pick it up each time it's made.
Al: And so I really wish there was something I could put there that would receive them all.
Al: And then the next day I unlocked the item receiver.
Al: So you put that down at the end of a conveyor belt and it gathers up the thing.
Al: And then you can just go and get them all so you can leave it processing things and go do something else while it's doing that come back and get your 3000 items. I think it's about 3000 that each thing can hold.
Kevin: about, oh, oh my goodness, that's, these are ridiculous numbers.
Al: And then I was like, oh, you know, that's great, but now I want now if I've then realized I need to use all those items for at the beginning of another process, rather than having to rebuild everything. I've got these items here. I wish there was a dispenser.
Al: And then I was like, oh, this is I really wish I could have like a combination of the two, right? So like I don't have to manually move them between items. So I can be like have a process, put something that receives things and then I'm like just extending my conveyor belt after that.
Al: unlocked the item buffer, which does exactly that if there's no way it can send something
Al: them there, but then you add on more things or you unblock something it then let's them go and that's useful in many different ways. So actually I'm at the point where my current system, there's a buffer for everything so that if anywhere in the process things stop, it continue everything up to that point still continues working and gathering things for me. It's really nice.
Al: And then I was like, oh, it's really annoying that the furnace you have to manually put in cool and then unlocked one that actually is a furnace level two and then has a separate thing.
Al: And then I was like, Oh, but it's really annoying that I've now got all these items that I don't really want to use, but I also feel like it's a waste not using them, I wish there was something I could do with that and then I unlocked the item recycler, which does exactly what you would you would think it was it breaks down items into their component parts.
Al: So all of those items that I no longer want the furnace level ones because who cares about them now that I've got furnace level two I broke them all down into the.
Al: what I built them with and I can use that for other things fantastic. Oh, but you know what I'd really like it really like this one line to be able to split into two so I can do two things with this one thing.
Al: And then you unlock this splitter which does that exactly that and you can set it to either do every single item or every one in every two one in every three one in every four so you can do that.
Al: But I really wish I could now do it based on what item it is because like sometimes you might have a a conveyor.
Al: And I'm going to have a conveyor belt that has multiple different item types because one of the things about this game is that you can pretty much put anything anywhere.
Al: And there are items all over the map that you need to get together to do stuff. And the map is quite big it's it feels bigger than star juice map.
Al: Not a huge amount, but a little bit bigger than star juice map and there's items on the farthest ends of those maps that you want to get together.
Al: Well, I want to build a conveyor belt across the map, which you can do.
Al: You can do it between the map areas and stuff.
Al: But I don't want to have, like, just one, bringing multiple items from one thing.
Al: So I want something to, like, split it up when it gets to where I want it to into the different conveyor belts based on what thing it is.
Al: And then I unlocked the filtering splitter, which does that.
Al: It moves things based on what thing they are.
Al: So again and again and again, you get things that are improving things.
Al: And like, it doesn't throw all these right at this.
Al: But as you go, you're like, oh, I'd like this, I'd like that.
Al: And then you're unlocking all those things as you go.
Kevin: that sounds like a, well, I should have put this like,
Kevin: it's a lot of thought going into the whole automation system.
Kevin: Like, it's...
Al: I don't want to think what this looks like under the hood.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: I'm currently sending three screenshots into the slack of some of the things that I've built,
Kevin: But like...
Al: just to show you the kind of complexity you can get to. And these are just small areas of the map,
Al: right? So you can get, you will end up with so many more of these things. And they're not even
Al: even showing the full extent of what I'm working with.
Al: I've been working on different times, but these are just some examples of the things you can do where you have the items going together and combining and stuff like that and it ends up being quite complicated as you can probably.
Kevin: That's oh my gosh. That's a lot like it's oh you have to think about
Kevin: Directional flows and
Kevin: Holy mister are there any tiny oh my gosh are those ears popping out?
Kevin: That's holy moly
Kevin: That's so much stuff pulling in and out. Oh
Kevin: That's crazy and all this stuff's connected when he was power lines. Holy moly
Al: Yeah. Yeah. So that's another thing to talk about is you have to power
Kevin: You
Al: everything. Which on every item has a certain amount of energy that
Kevin: Yeah, I can tell
Al: uses and then the windmills have a certain amount that they generate. And so
Al: you have to make sure that it matches because if you overload it, the entire grid
Al: goes down. You can overload. Yeah, because if you're trying to draw too much power,
Kevin: You can only load it! Oh snap!
Al: there's not enough power and of course in
Al: electrical systems that is not just that an item doesn't work, it's just the whole thing goes haywire and also the
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, holy moly um
Al: windmills generate different amounts of power depending on where they are in the map, but the nice thing is that
Kevin: Oh my goodness, that's awesome. Oh, that's crazy and awesome
Al: because you can connect things between different areas in the map, I've just put all of my windmills
Al: once I figure it out in the windiest area on the map and then there are just, there are power lines everywhere.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. I can see that. Oh. Yeah.
Al: These are some older screenshots as well, so it's like you have no idea what it's looking like now, it's just this, I don't think
Al: you can quite see the scale of it from these screenshots, these are small parts of the area and these are from different
Al: times from when I was doing things, but I often will have multiple of these going on at different parts of the map at different
Al: times doing different things.
Al: So, you know, one of these things is generating winches.
Al: One of them is generating heavy-duty motors and steel beams.
Al: One of them is generating chips, circuit boards and the one, the first one, the one with
Al: the orange ground is the newest one, that's actually what I'm working on right now because
Al: the item what is it called a flow meter that's the other thing. So it's like
Al: generating its recycling computers into computer chips then generating circuit boards which then go into flow meter and then there's a bunch of other things that you need to do to get to that point as well, which is why there's that. But like the other thing is that these are all not quite showing the fuel complexity of the systems that are set up.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, I can imagine, that's crazy. Um, yeah, how far out does this zoom? I'm just trying to
Kevin: think of the, the scale. Like,
Al: So it doesn't so in terms of the UI you don't you're not able to zoom out
Al: you have to move around to see all that you can move the camera you can move the
Kevin: Oh, okay, okay.
Al: camera a bit without moving your character which is nice just if you want to
Al: peek a little bit without moving but I do wish that is one thing I do wish I
Al: could zoom out a little bit to get a better view of things but most of the time
Al: you're not like an individual area you're not going to want a huge a much
Al: bigger view of things than this.
Al: Because your systems, there's not going to be enough room in most areas to be much bigger than this.
Al: And if there are, you've got to treat the different sections like their own little thing, right?
Al: So like you've got the area that's doing the mining and smelting.
Al: And then you've got the area that's turning into the simple components.
Al: And then you've got the area that's turning into the more complex components.
Al: It's just, it's one of these things where it's because you keep upgrading things and getting new stuff.
Al: And then there's new stuff to do. I have think I've destroyed everything and rebuilt it all about five times because you just you rethink everything, right?
Kevin: Holy moly, ha, ha!
Al: Like when you suddenly have to add in recycling of computers, you're like, oh, well, that completely changes everything, right? Like that's so different to what I've been doing before.
Al: So I need to scrap it all and start again. And then the first screenshot is at the train station because at one point. So let's go back to the ores.
Al: So you put a drill on it.
Al: Eventually runs out, but these ores don't respawn.
Al: So you have to keep moving around the map to find where different ores are.
Al: But then at some point you unlock the train station, you fix things and then ores come on the train.
Al: And that becomes your main source of ores at that point.
Kevin: That's crazy.
Al: Which is really nice because now I've set up this system at the train station doing all of this.
Al: And the train's quite long and it's got two sides so you can like build up on both sides of it all the way down.
Al: So I'm looking to create a hopefully a system that means I don't have to break all down again.
Al: Hopefully we'll see.
Kevin: [Laughter]
Al: But the other complicated thing is that if you put something across a path, the villagers can't walk across it.
Al: And they'll just stand there and grumble and not be able to go to where they're meant to be going.
Kevin: Okay, wait, so there's villagers, it's not just the one character.
Al: Yeah, so this is a, is a fool, you know, village.
Al: It's like stardew, but this instead of farming.
Kevin: Okay. Okay.
Al: So actually, I mean, I'm going to talk about the characters in the story later on, but yeah, there's a fool.
Al: One of the better ones, I've experienced in terms of the characters and stories and your relationships with them and stuff like that.
Kevin: Okay, okay, I was gonna ask about that. Okay, but um, but what?
Al: But it's, yeah, it's a full village, there's like, there's a mayor, there's, you know, a bunch of different shops and stuff like that.
Al: like that and you're helping people out.
Al: this stuff for the fun of it, although, I mean, you kind of are, because you're making
Al: a rocket for the fun of it. But everything else is like, as you get to that point, you're just,
Kevin: Oh, yeah. (laughs)
Al: you're, you're doing things as you go that nothing feels like it's wasted.
Kevin: Okay, it sounds like it like you said out the progression sounds like perfectly natural like or you know like it's doing all the things
Al: Yeah, I think so.
Kevin: That's crazy. Holy. There's a lot of love into this
Al: It is so much more complex and layered than I thought it would be.
Al: I thought it would be like, "Oh, it's fun.
Al: You'll make a little thing and then you'll be done."
Al: But no, it just keeps getting deeper.
Kevin: [laughs]
Al: And I think I believe there's what I did do a little bit of googling for one thing.
Al: There are a couple of items later on that you can...
Al: So I'll just use diamond as an example because
Al: this is the one that everyone does because it means you can make money. You can break down the diamond into diamond fragments. Put them into another machine which will then grow a diamond from each of the fragments. So you can essentially like grow diamonds or any other kind of like gem.
Kevin: Oh my goodness.
Al: You can break it down and from each of the fragments make another diamond and then just like create this infinite loop of money in the late game.
Kevin: Well, the infinite money glitch is real
Al: Pretty much yeah and it's entirely deliberate. It's great. I like it's not available early like it's really money is actually really hard to come by early game and mid game because you can sell anything theoretically but you have to like go to the shop and sell it there and nothing is hugely profitable except things like diamond which is really hard to get early on.
Kevin: Yeah, of course, that's awesome
Al: I'll talk about the means in a minute, and bye.
Al: It means that like I but the good thing is that there's not a lot you need to buy, right?
Al: Because most of the stuff you're just making yourself there's a few things like you can expand your land and and stuff like that
Al: Which I just have no money to do that with like you'll see on these screenshots
Al: Have three thousand three hundred coins in the most recent screenshot. That's all of the money. I've ever made
Al: And I um, I've played this game for like I don't know 15 hours at this point
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: Like that's the sort of money you make and start you in the first week
Kevin: Yeah
Al: And I'm definitely kind of late mid-game at this point
Kevin: Okay, okay. Yeah, you know, here's question. I guess I assume the the rocket itself is the
Kevin: Kind of like the the the
Kevin: Fargress
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Kevin: Gage how far are you on the rocket?
Al: So I'm I'm working on the third part of the second stage
Kevin: Okay, how many parts are the first stage were there?
Al: The first stage was three parts the second stage is four parts and I have no idea what happens after that
Al: I'm guessing there's only gonna be a third stage because of how slow it's all going
Kevin: Yeah
Al: Because I can't even I can't even make the item that's the fourth part
Al: of the second stage yet, and I've only just unlocked the third the item for the third one like I haven't made any of them
Al: Yeah, I only just unlocked the blueprint blueprint today as we're recording
Al: So it's like real like getting that rocket bill is really slow going because it's clearly like this is that's the endgame
Al: The endgame is to have the the rocket built so it does take a long time
Kevin: Yeah, yeah. I mean, that's what I'd expect. Yeah, okay.
Al: Right, where was I my list of things so I yeah, so
Al: That's the automation absolutely love it. It's it's so good
Al: Like obviously I love automation, but it's done so well because it's like the core of the game
Al: Right like it's the point it's everything to the game without that it would it would be nothing so it
Al: Your core game play needs to be good and this one is excellent. I love it. It's fantastic
Al: I suspect some people might feel overwhelmed by it because you do
Al: Hand-get messy
Al: Especially if you're building it up, and if you don't scrap it all and restart it will overwhelm you
Kevin: Yeah I do love a game where you can get judged for your cable management.
Al: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, I need to redo my power management my power lines because I've unlocked a better power
Al: Power line things so it's like it's wider so I can have less of them
Al: But I've just not I've not replaced everything yet. That's gonna take some time because obviously
Al: As soon as I take one down my entire my entire grid is gonna go down
Al: So I need to like decide like today is the day
Al: I'm redoing everything and then just go and kill them all and just accept the fact that I'm not gonna have anything
Al: Generated that day. I've just not done it yet. So in terms of unlocking blueprints because obviously you start off with
Al: Not very much obviously that's one important because otherwise it would be overwhelming and to that's the progression of the game is unlocking blueprints
Al: You start off with this a year
Al: University in the town and you start you start like you provide them items and they unlock new blueprints for you
Al: You can kind of choose what ones to do, but it's very much like it's linear but
Al: Selective linear if that makes sense. It's like here are three items which of these three items you want?
Al: Okay, now which of the which is the next one that you want to do out of those two remaining items?
Al: Okay, now you're doing the third item and then it's like, okay, now you've got
Al: four items, which of these four are you gonna do? Okay, which of these three are you gonna?
Al: You know, so you're you have to unlock everything as you go, but you have a little bit of choice in that
Al: You're like, oh focus on that item just now because I've already got something that's doing that
Al: But then once you've done that the next you have to do the next one before you you get anything else to unlock
Al: One interestingly once you finish at the university, there's then an observatory that does more unlocks
Al: Just interesting there's two different things it's like obviously you've gone past the university the
Al: You've unlocked everything they can do the observatory is now like a higher level of
Al: knowledge to unlock things. I don't know what the deal is without but
Kevin: They see things in space, that's how it works.
Al: None of it's space related that's the thing
Kevin: Well, they learn from the space civilizations.
Al: You have to fix the observatory first which makes sense in what you're creating to unlock it
Al: but like, after that.
Al: It's just like, like currently I'm unlocking chemical related stuff and I'm like, that's nothing to do is an observatory. What do you do?
Kevin: They see the space chemicals. They see that. So that's.
Al: There's also a mine, which is interesting because I didn't get to the mine till like 10 hours in the game
Al: I didn't realize it was there until then. There are some items you can only get in the mine
Al: like the gems that we're talking about and also a thing that you make glass from but there's also
Kevin: Yeah. That is.
Al: just a whole bunch of other like copper and iron nodes in there that you can use. The interesting
Al: thing about it is so there are there are.
Al: monsters in the mine, but as far as I can tell if you light up the
Al: mine with lights, they don't spawn anymore, so you can like go through and clear
Al: out the mine essentially and then not have any monsters in there anymore. I might
Al: be wrong, I might be missing something, but I'm definitely seeing fewer and fewer
Al: monsters as I expand my light through the mine.
Kevin: that's actually really cool um it would be nice if you know like start or whatever they
Kevin: they kind of had that right like uh at least one area could carve out where okay I don't want to do
Kevin: the monsters you want to farm resources um that's nice that is weird it's late game that's always like
Al: Yeah, I think you I think I don't I think that's just I found it late game
Al: I think you could have found it quite early if I noticed it. I just didn't notice it until I was like
Al: Oh, where do I get this thing? I've never seen this thing and there was like in the mine. I'm like, where's the mine?
Kevin: Yes, we have a mind!
Al: Like I didn't have I didn't have to unlock it. I just didn't know about it
Al: Um, and then there's the train which I mentioned like once
Al: you unlock it, it just brings in the wars. So you can get up to 4 carriages. Each
Al: carriage can have one type of or in it. So you can have one of each of the oars.
Al: Pretty much it's not, it's not infinite in so much as it's only there from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.
Al: But, um, it's functionally infinite, right? Because like you're just constantly using it
Al: between 8 a.m. and because I've got buffers, like I can get it out of the train quicker than
Al: and I can use it and so therefore I actually extend.
Al: in the time that I can build things for a little bit.
Al: So yeah, functionally infinite.
Al: Another fun thing is you have a little robot toaster
Al: that you ride around and I've just put up a screenshot of it.
Kevin: That's that's how you up there in the the Mount tier list robot
Al: Yeah, so he's faster than walking quite significantly,
Al: but also has a saw on the front that you can turn on
Al: to destroy things quicker.
Kevin: Awww, that's so sick!
Al: which is excellent.
Al: So it's like, oh, I need to break everything down and rebuild it
Al: because I want to redo everything.
Al: You just turn on the saw, you just walk through it
Al: and it all gets torn up and you can pick it all up.
Al: It's amazing.
Al: It is so good.
Al: I, I, you feel so powerful riding around on this toaster.
Kevin: hahahaha, let me see, what is...
Al: The best bit is the toaster explicitly, canonically likes Brad.
Kevin: Oh, that's great, that's a, okay, that's a much bigger coaster than I thought.
Al: You.
Kevin: How do you fit right into that?
Al: Big toaster.
Kevin: Who's kind of ready for the huge?
Al: All bread fits in it. That's the point.
Kevin: Oh, that's a good point, you could fit a baguette in there,
Kevin: and just one of the flots, that's awesome.
Al: He's a good toaster.
Al: Just checking a couple of tiny things about controls.
Al: The button for using the hammer is the same button as putting items in something.
Al: So if you have the wrong, if you have the hammer selected rather than the item, you accidentally
Al: destroy the thing you were going to put something in.
Al: That's just a little annoying thing.
Al: Like the hammer is an item, but I feel like it shouldn't be an item that you have because
Al: use it so much. I think it should be just like a separate button that
Al: you use rather than an item you have to be in your bag of old time.
Kevin: Yeah, no, I think that's fair. I can see how that'd be annoying. Anytime you have inventory and action you use frequently.
Al: Yeah, exactly, exactly.
Kevin: Now, so that's always a little aggravating.
Al: There's no-- so the sorting in the bag and in your chest
Al: is really good.
Al: There's a couple of things you can do.
Al: You can lock items to specific slots.
Al: And the auto sort, then sort everything else, right?
Al: So early game, I need-- always needed to have coal in my bag,
Al: because I had the original furnaces
Al: that you have to manually put coal into.
Al: by locked call to a specific slot.
Al: And I locked the conveyor belt to a specific slot, and then you press sort and everything else gets sorted, but those items always stay in the same place, which I love this fantastic because that's one of the things that like start doing stuff really annoys me because it's like, I use the automatic sorting and chests, but not in your bag because I'm like, I want my tools and a specific order, and it's not going to do that for me.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: In that yeah
Kevin: We are in 2026 we should have the dedicated tool inventory row like just you know
Al: But it's not even just that. It's just, there's items as well that I want in specific areas and this is fantastic way to do this where you can say this item always in this slot, please also.
Kevin: Okay, sure
Kevin: That's true. Yeah, you know what you're right. That is smart. Just lock it. Yeah
Al: It's great. I think there should be an every game from now on. It's fantastic. I love it. Also, I lost what I was saying.
Al: Oh yeah, if you have, if you're you, so say, I'm using conveyor belts and I'm putting them down and then my specific stack that I have runs out.
Al: If I have another stack in my bag, it will move that stack from where it was to the place where I was using so that if I put an item down and I only have one and then I go to put another one down. It works. I don't know if I'm explaining this well or not.
Kevin: - Wait, yeah, I know, you're, yeah.
Al: So say I'm putting down conveyor belts, right? And I have three conveyor belts and in my slot on my bag that I'm using and I go put one down, put one down, put one down. In most games, you would then just slot the
Al: you have selected in your bag, will we empty? And you would have to open your bag, move another slot stack of conveyor belts to that specific slot or you'd have to like move the your selected to a different block, right? Instead, what this does is it just moves an existing stack automatically to where you were selected. So if I have three three conveyor belts, I can put one down, put one down, put one down. It will then
Al: else, automatically grab another stack, put it back where I was doing so I can just keep going. I don't have to do anything. So I put one down, put one down, put one down, put one down. It works. The quality, they're thought into the quality of life of this game is fantastic. And I need to know who their UX person is because they are so good at this. Having said that, there is no controller button for this.
Kevin: This, these people love automating and convenience.
Kevin: Yeah, I could tell like, is it everything?
Kevin: It's, yeah.
Kevin: Like, I'm just, oh no!
Al: or sorting. You have to manually move to the button and press it. There's the automatic buttons for taking things out of chests, for putting things into chests, but not for sorting. Let me, and you can't map it. There's no, I've looked through the mapping settings. It's not an option there. It's not just that there's not a default one. There's no option for it at all. Give me, it's the only thing I've found in the game. The only thing in the entire game I've found that I cannot map a button press to is sorting your bag or the chest.
Kevin: Uh no.
Al: ..and I don't know why this is not the case. And it is so, so annoying because I sort things all the time. Because as I said, the sorting is excellent. It does its job, so I want to use it. But I then have to manually go over and press the button, which can take like so many button presses. Because if I'm at the left-hand side of my bag, I have to
Kevin: That's, that's a big one too. Like, how do you miss that?
Kevin: Yeah, most well a lot of people do it today
Al: open my bag and then go all the way to the right-hand side and press the button. This is the point where you know you love a game when you are complaining for so long about such a tiny thing. If this is the worst that the game is, that there's no button for sorting and I have to manually go and press the sort button, that's when you know you love a game.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, they don't know right they don't know they're all right
Al: Please, I beg of you. Give me button remapping for sorting. Please. I think that's all my mechanic stuff. Any questions before I go into kind of, obviously I'm not going to talk a lot about the story, but I feel like I need to at least address it a little bit.
Kevin: No, no, I think that's good. This is yeah, and I'm interested in the flavor stuff tell me about the world
Al: I I'm not gonna say that I prefer this these characters to start you because I think that would be too far
Al: But I would say it's up there the characters feel real to me their
Al: The reasons for doing things feel real to me
Al: The little stories that we have with them feel real they feel
Al: Personal they feel I really feel like everyone exists in this game
Al: um
Kevin: Okay, hold up. You know what? Let's back up a second first of all. Who are you?
Al: Yeah sure let's let's talk a little bit about the start of the story then.
Al: So it's a kind of a trophy start like always right like you grew up in this town and then
Al: you moved away and now you're coming back. But the reasonings for it is a little bit different
Al: than usual. It makes it a little bit unique. You moved away because so you lived in this town
Al: with your mum and your aunt. Your mum dies and your aunt sends your way to live with another family
Al: in a city. But she promises that when you come back you will continue building the rocket together.
Kevin: Okay, that's rough, but okay.
Kevin: Okay, who is the who is building the rock your building mom or the answer?
Al: So your mum and your aunt were building the rocket together and then of course that all stops
Al: when your mum dies and you're sent away but your aunt promises if you come back when you're older
Al: you will continue building the rocket together.
Al: But by the time you come back...
Al: she does not want to do it anymore, she's bitter, she's hardened by the loss,
Al: and she left herself there to become bitter a bit at all, right?
Al: Like she sent you away, and I think that was the reason why you end up in this situation.
Al: So you come back and it's not just you get straight into building the rocket,
Al: you have to do a bunch of the game and the story to basically convince her
Al: that you can start doing that again.
Al: So yeah, you are an adult, a young adult who has come back to the time that you grew up in after years away, somewhere else.
Al: So you're some of the people you are re-getting to know and some of the people are new people who moved to the time while you went.
Kevin: Okay. Okay. I like this. I like this. You I mean, first of all, you have history with the place. You're not, you know, stranger to the new. I mean, maybe relatively little, but you have some history with the place. And secondly, you have an objective prior to the game or whatever, right? Like, that's cool.
Al: Yeah, yeah, I think it's I think it's fun. I think that's as far as I'll go overall story wise because I think it's I think this game is good enough that I don't want to spoil it for anyone
Kevin: Okay, that's that's wild type praise well. Okay. Show me at least a crumb. Tell me about a character that you enjoy
Al: Well, I'm gonna tell you a couple of character-based things
Kevin: Okay
Al: Rather than the story overall. So one of the things
Kevin: Sure
Al: I'm gonna send you a screenshot of something that the mayor says while you're doing something which I just think is fantastic
Kevin: We got
Al: He will, so...
Al: for the context for this screenshot, you have fixed the lighthouse that was broken, which you need to get certain items, and you're standing there having like rebuild this lighthouse and talking to other people, and the mayor comes over and he says to you, "I really need to keep better tabs on what people are up to around here."
Al: We managed to rebuild the lighthouse without noticing.
Kevin: [Laughter]
Al: Which I just think is fantastic.
Kevin: It doesn't notice all the conveyors dropping all your steel beams that air. [Laughter]
Al: Yeah, exactly.
Al: So, there's this funny to it, and then there's sad to it.
Al: So, there's... I'll give you one small character based story.
Al: There's a character who is mean to you, standard, right? We all have the mean characters.
Al: And you are obviously trying to be nice and trying to help that person.
Al: So you are like, tell me what I can do and you notice that they have a radio that seems to be broken.
Al: And so you are like, I will fix the radio for you.
Al: And so eventually once you've done it, when I say radio, it's like a ham radio.
Al: You know, not like a commercial radio.
Al: And it turns out that this person is dead, had moved away.
Al: And has told her that when he's on his way back, he will radio her.
Al: And so she's like my radio's broken. I haven't heard anything from him.
Al: Can you fix it and you build an antenna in the back and she's like, that's really nice. You didn't have to do that. And then
Al: A little a little time passes and you go back and you say have you heard anything and she says no
Al: I think maybe the antenna's broken and you go out and you look at her and you're like, it seems like it's not broken and
Al: Then you're like, but I can maybe do some things and she looks at you and she says
Al: It's not the antenna is it and you just have that lovely moment. They don't even need to explain it fully and
Al: She said she basically she apologizes for being mean and she's like
Al: When you you went away and you came back and you've spent time, you know, you're aunt has got you back and it's reminded me of my dad and then
Al: The conversation ends
Al: With you saying I'm glad I have my aunt, but we are still pretty broken and you finish the conversation with you both accepting the both of you are broken
Kevin: Whoa, whoa
Kevin: Yo, that's
Al: But you are, but you aren't.
Al: For now, friends, you're just broken friends together.
Kevin: Yeah, oh, that's you know, that's solid. That's good. I didn't expect that level of
Al: - Yeah, right.
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: Death and and emotion from the Greek automation game. Well
Kevin: Wow, gosh darn it. I'll get in this
Kevin: Holy moly. Um, I mean when I
Al: And then there's one other thing to add to this, which is that, after significant story points, they give you these little
Al: um, postcards of the moment. So I've just sent you one of the one from that, that character moment there,
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: with the player character on the right and the other character on the left. And it's just a really nice,
Al: and then the card flips over and your player character is like written a little sentence.
Al: I'm not gonna spoil anymore, but it's just like you you gather this collection of
Kevin: No.
Al: postcard photos as you progress through the story and it's such a really
Kevin: Oh, that's so good.
Al: nice to like go through and you know remember because they're in an album and
Al: you can open one and flip over and the one the one I won't tell you about the
Al: other ones but this card on the back says just scribbled in the bottom we
Al: still have each other
Kevin: Oh my god, okay. Oh my god. I can already get enough context. I think from that but holy moly
Kevin: What's the character's name?
Al: The player character's name.
Kevin: Yeah, or is it just your name whenever he was a blank?
Al: No, I can't I'm so bad at remembering names. I can't remember. That's really bad
Al: Give me a minute at Morgan. Yes, that's what it is. I just remembered Morgan
Kevin: Morgan, okay, because I really like Morgan's like a lot, you know, they the
Kevin: Resumed out isometric view like they're you know, it's hard to see it or
Kevin: Fixily or whatever
Kevin: Like it's farther zoomed up than Stardew, I would say
Al: - Mm-hmm.
Kevin: But I love these designs on the the character portraits and this art here
Al: - Yeah.
Kevin: That's great style, and I love Morgan's design with the goggles and the bandana all
Al: She's got a real engineer design.
Kevin: Not that
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, she's a CEO. Oh, and like what you want an engineer to be not not the real life engineering that I do
Kevin: Yeah, she's I can tell she's got pluck. She's got that pluck. I love in characters. Oh, oh man
Kevin: I'm all in. I'm all in now. I mean, I was already kind of excited before I remember we talked first talked about on the film whenever I'm certain
Kevin: As I think building a rocket's a fun little idea, but this game has
Kevin: Has some death to it. I could suck. That's stuff going on. Oh, yeah
Al: Yeah, I mean, honestly, I'm at the point where I'm a little bit sad that I never played it last year,
Al: because it definitely would have been on my list of game of the year for last year.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I thought that
Al: But it was just, it was too late in the year. There was too much that I was dealing with at that
Al: point. I wasn't. I didn't have the time then. But I'm so glad that I picked it up now. And my thing
Kevin: Yeah, no
Al: with games is always, "Am I going to continue playing this after the podcast?" And some it's like,
Al: like absolutely not. Some it's like, oh, me.
Al: And then someone's like, I can't put this game down. Like, you know, you know, when you get a game and you've been playing it and you
Al: when you're not playing it, you spend time thinking about playing it.
Kevin: I might have a game like that, yeah.
Kevin: Want to write, yeah.
Kevin: [laughs]
Al: Here's here's here's a really here's a really stupid thing that I
Kevin: [inaudible]
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: couple a couple of small things that just shows you the care and love put into this game.
Al: one is so you get
Al: the dog doesn't do anything in terms of like you know it doesn't give you any and normally in a game
Kevin: Yeah, I just follow you. I saw them.
Al: I'd be like I don't care about the dog because of that but like there's so much in the dog the dog will bring you tennis balls
Al: And you can throw the tennis balls like just randomly you'll just have a tennis ball and you're in your bag and you can throw the tennis ball for the dog
Kevin: - Yeah.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: stuff like that and
Al: also you
Al: You can actually there's a crane you get in the game that you use for moving things
Al: Like you can move people with the crane
Kevin: It's not that bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad!
Al: So there's a thing in and if you if you watch the
Al: The main trailer on the steam page you'll see what I'm talking about. It's let me see where it is in the game
Al: Like go to 30 seconds in
Kevin: It was a thing called Little Rocket and Lab, okay.
Kevin: Let's see how I'm going to the Steam page.
Al: So the autoplay video, if you skip along to 30 seconds, what you see is you've built a conveyor belt over the path and there's grumpy people and then you're building more conveyor belts.
Kevin: Yeah, they're gonna be people. Yeah. Oh, yeah, that's that's a good engineering
Al: And then you put a crane up and the crane just picks up the people and puts them on the other side because now they can continue.
Al: So that's one of the ways you can deal with that. Like the game doesn't have these are the ways you have to do it.
Kevin: You could
Kevin: You don't need a bridge. Sure. You might think a bridge would be packed. Well, now let's let's crane them
Al: And you can pretty much build these things anywhere, you can build them inside buildings, you can build them along paths, you can build them in where you're meant to build them, you can build them in your factory, you can build them in the mine.
Kevin: Yeah. Oh, like, oh, man, I love this pixel style when you get close and actually see the details. I love that, um, yeah, there's a hole. Oh, wow, look, look at the trailer again. There's a lot going on. Holy moly. Um, yeah. Okay. Um, I'm all in. I'll, uh, um, the toast are just stomping over all those little, I don't know, slimes, whatever they were. Uh,
Al: This line. Yeah, yeah, they'll run away from you if you're on the toaster.
Kevin: Yeah, that's great. Um, oh, my gosh. Oh, the toaster gets death eyes when you put the saw. That's incredible. Oh, that has turned red. Oh, yeah. Very positive reviews, I can tell. Yeah, it's only 20 bucks. Yeah.
Al: I think if you like any sort of, as you see, can a factorial type game, or you just like any can, I think this is a great game to play.
Kevin: I mean, this probably is because it's crazy because you know, it's been a good way to tell me
Kevin: about the automation, the systems, and there's a lot of thought into that. Like, you know, giving
Kevin: bacteria and satisfactory run for their money, to be honest, just from the pacing and whatnot.
Kevin: But, but then you see the flavor, which, you know, those other games don't have, like those other
Kevin: get into just, you know, morally.
Kevin: Just hyperbolicly like just glorify cookie clickers, right? Just, just get, make number go big, um, but here we got a story. You got characters, actual emotional depth.
Al: Yeah
Kevin: It sounds like holy moly. This is really impressive. It's all for $20 USD. That's crazy. Oh,
Al: Yeah, as I said, I don't think I'm going to go quite as far as saying that this is the characters and story is as good as Stardew, but I think it's certainly the best
Kevin: Sure. Um, yeah. No, I died. Yeah, all right. I'm all in. I'll play this
Kevin: some point possibly soon. I have time. This time is the thing right now. Like I want to start a game and not have time to play it.
Al: [Laughter]
Kevin: Uh, this is like a game. I want to sit down and just go ham on it. Um, it's awesome. Um, all right. Do you have other stuff you want to do with other two?
Al: No, I think I think it's I think that's everything on my list. I'm just I'm so excited to be playing a game
Al: that I'm like loving this much because so often games are like either fine or they don't live up to
Al: your expectations or they're bad or you think they're gonna be great and they end up being just you
Al: You know, more of the same and it's super...
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. That's the, uh, the plight of the, the content creator, I guess,
Kevin: where we pick up games and hope for the best. And it's just impressive.
Kevin: What that's, that's awesome. Good, good job for you.
Kevin: Teenage astronauts. That's their name.
Kevin: Um, all right. When are we going to do the, uh, wait, no more robots worked on this.
Al: They are just the publisher.
Kevin: Um, okay. Oh, published. Okay. Um, but, uh, when are we going to? Yeah.
Al: As far as I can see, as far as I can see, this is teenage astronauts' first game.
Kevin: Oh, wow. Wow. Just knocked it out of the park. Wow. Good for you guys. No pressure.
Al: No pressure.
Kevin: I, uh, so when are we going to do the, the revisionist game of the years where we go back
Al: [Laughter]
Kevin: and argue for games we didn't play at the time?
Al: That sounds like a fun one to do.
Al: We'll do that when we run out of episode topics.
Kevin: All this came out. What? Yeah. Yeah. Wait, hold on. What, uh, what year did wildfire? What, what, what, uh,
Al: [Laughter]
Kevin: well, I mean, we could talk about that, but just 2022.
Al: I mean we kind of did that for sp-- we-- I mean we did that for spinner. we just gave it the
Al: game of the year for the year after because we hadn't played it that year.
Kevin: Where did we do that? I don't remember that.
Al: that yeah i'm pretty i'm pretty certain we did that
Kevin: What was 2022? That's amazing. Oh.
Al: because I mean it was like maybe the third one or something like that so
Kevin: Nobody told me it's going to pop for wildfires. Anyways, little rocket lab going back to the
Kevin: actual topic. Um, cool. Sounds like a good game. I should play this good game. I wish to play this
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: good game. Yeah. I think should do it has many things that I like. Oh, all right. Go check it out,
Al: I think you should.
Kevin: people. It's affordable. It's good game. It's on, is it only steam right now?
Al: No, I think it's on switch as well.
Kevin: Well, oh, yeah, now
Kevin: it's all good. Oh, okay.
Al: Yeah, it's on everything.
Al: It's on Xbox, oh, it's not on PlayStation.
Al: It's on Xbox, Switch, and obviously PC.
Al: It's also on Game Pass, which is how I got it,
Al: 'cause I was like, oh, this is on Game Pass, cool, I'll try it.
Kevin: - Ahhh!
Al: It looks like it's cheaper on Switch.
Kevin: - Whoa! Let's check that out then!
Al: I'm seeing 12, oh, no, that was a cash thing.
Al: It must have been on sale.
Kevin: - Nah.
Kevin: - Well, and the best part is, as we talked about, it's...
Kevin: - It's not, or maybe not.
Kevin: - It works well on the controllers, right? So, yeah.
Kevin: - Cool.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly exactly. I know you're gonna get the same experience that I
Kevin: - You don't have to worry about, let's build a do-on switch
Kevin: which where you're controlling a big master.
Al: [laughter]
Kevin: I wish to know your secrets and we'll play the game.
Al: hahaha well let me know if you do play it we can do like a full spoiler cast spoiler episode for it if you do that
Kevin: So I do for that.
Kevin: Yeah, I probably will.
Kevin: I mean, this was one of the games I genuinely was interested in.
Kevin: I didn't pay too much attention or whatever, but yeah, I mean, from the beginning.
Kevin: And so hearing it's good, yeah, and now this is a must latering.
Al: - Yeah, it's great.
Al: - All right, thank you so much for joining me
Al: to talk about a good game.
Kevin: [laughing]
Kevin: - Oh, other than Phukopia, yeah, you're right, it's not,
Kevin: it just happens less than you think about this.
Al: It's nice to talk about something that's good, not just good, but great, especially after
Kevin: - Is it it?
Kevin: Isn't it great to talk about some?
Al: last week talking about Tomodachi.
Kevin: - Yeah, see, I'm sorry, this is actually partially why
Kevin: I've sewn to Phukopia after the other years
Kevin: and Phukam on getting this, getting that, right?
Al: Yeah, yeah
Kevin: Like, finally, you found the oasis.
Al: Remind you that it reminds you that you actually do like games
Kevin: - Yeah, yeah, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Kevin: Sometimes you need that reminder, it's true.
Al: All right, Kevin is there anything you'd like to tell the audience
Kevin: - Oh, like, like, do you support Little Rocket Lab,
Kevin: support Star Fox?
Kevin: I say, one of those is a lot harder to do
Kevin: so I don't blame you, but no, I'm, you know,
Kevin: ever, I'm Kukopia, but it's on, whatever,
Kevin: but I, I, I, I, I'm out there, it's fine.
Kevin: What about, I'll tell them things about
Kevin: where to find cool stuff out.
Al: You can find the podcast on tumblr and on blue sky at THS pod. You can send us feedback from our website harvest season.club
Al: What we're gonna go for this time?
Al: Talos what mobile game would you like?
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: Also on our website, you can find links to everything to do with the podcast, including our patreon patreon dot com slash G S part. We just today as we're recording, just released an episode where me and Kevin talked about Batman and Superman, the animated series is
Kevin: Yep, it's a short one
Al: Not should have just gone live like two hours ago. I didn't actually check that it didn't, but it should have done
Al: You also get access to the slack where we post
Al: sneak peeks and we talk about stuff
Kevin: I wish I can't I don't have or very rarely. Let's say this. No, no, you're not. Let's get it. It's very fun to go into those episode threads and obviously not having the context
Kevin: Because I mean this time you see okay, lots of screenshots I was posting, but just sometimes you see random things and it's like
Al: Yeah
Kevin: It's fun to think about what's coming up. I don't know if it's going up and
Al: Which is not what you should do you should go and watch them as you're
Al: Listening and you can see what we're talking about especially this time with all the screenshots that I posted
Al: I
Kevin: - That's true, yeah, this time you shouldn't.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: Think the screenshots are probably put in the show notes as well because that feels a bit a bit fundamental to the end to the episode if you wanted
Kevin: - Yeah, yeah.
Al: They should be in the show notes. All right. I think that's everything. Thank you again for joining me Kevin
Kevin: Thank you all for having me on.
Al: Thank you listeners for listening and until next time
Al: Have a good Harvey
Kevin: - Yeah, I'm good, Harvest.
Theme Tune: The Harvest Season is created by Alma Henry, with support from our patrons, including our
Kevin: - Have a good rocket.
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin Stewart and Alisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Virtus.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes, and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Kevin: I bet Morgan said, I bet she didn't put co-pilot in her rocket.
Al: I'll let you know.
Kevin: They're still not saying.
Al: Is anywhere safe?
Kevin: From co-pilot? No. No, I actually sadly know.
Al: [laughter]